Now that you've had some practice with setting up hypotheses,
you might be asking yourself,
why does all this null and alternative stuff really matter?
Well, it actually matters a lot.
Let's consider again the judicial example from before.
There are four potential reality decision combos that could be made.
In order to look at each one of these outcomes,
consider this grid where we have the truth of whether or not
someone is innocent or guilty represented by this axis,
and then the decision made by the jury
represented as either innocent or guilty on this axis here.
This creates a grid of four potential outcomes.
In this corner, the truth is that an individual is innocent,
and the jury also believes that individual to be innocent.
While in this corner,
the truth is that the individual is guilty,
and the jury believes them to be guilty.
In either of these other two,
the jury has made a mistake as the truth doesn't match the jury decision.
This provides us with two potential errors that are possible in hypothesis testing.
The first error that is possible is that the jury might
consider an individual innocent when they are truly guilty.
This error sets guilty people free.
The second type of error is that the jury considers
an individual guilty when the truth is that they're innocent.
This error punishes innocent people.